README.md, before:

<img width="680" height="240" alt="Banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06b5f85f-993f-48d2-9e50-e37c7c39d81a" />

A launcher designed to make minecraft players with no computer skills have a better experience adding mods and resourcepacks <br>
If the program does not respond whenever you run an instance, it is preparing and downloading files for the instance.<br>

## REQUIREMENT!
This program requires at least *Java 21* or higher. you can download it by pressing [here](https://javadl.oracle.com/webapps/download/AutoDL?BundleId=252626_99a6cb9582554a09bd4ac60f73f9b8e6)

## Backend error when searching
whenever you're searching, you can get a 4** return, eg. 401, 400, etc. <br>
here can you see the meaning of those codes in a list.

```404: failed to connect to the servers, check your internet connection!```<br>

```400: no search results, try searching with its name```<br>

(these are occurred errors upon developing, if found more, please tell me in the Issues tab! Thanks!)

## Updates

Fixed the constant code 400 error at the mods tab by rewriting the installation instances process. <br>
Your already created instances will not be affected by this change.

## Beginner Tutorial

you can add mods and resourcepacks at the instance settings, that also includes the installation type, version and the instance name <br>
create a new instance by pressing the plus (+) button <br>
you can change the settings on the launcher itself, just press Launcher Settings! You can change your username and more! (This will require a restart, when changes are saved, it will close by itself)<br>

## Y-level for ores

Coal ore is about 96 at normal ground level, but at high level which is even better will be 136! <br>
 
Iron ore same as coal ore, ground level will be 16 while at higher levels will be 232 <br>

Finding Gold ore at a badlands biome is much better than the rest of biomes, but underground will be around -64 to 32 while in badlands would be 32 to 256 <br>

Lapis ore has no specific Y-level for different biomes etc, so 0 to -2 is the best <br>

**Diamond ore** which is the most likely you want, will be at -59 to -58, basically the deeper the better (TIP: try searching for diamonds in water caves since they dont count as air blocks!) <br>

**Netherite** is a bit more tricky because they have different optimized Y-level from different platforms, 8 to 22 for Java or 8 and 120 for Bedrock, tho best at 15 on both platforms <br>
<sub>*This information was searched on Google*</sub>

Commit message:

Update error message description in README

README.md, after:

<img width="680" height="240" alt="Banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06b5f85f-993f-48d2-9e50-e37c7c39d81a" />

A launcher designed to make minecraft players with no computer skills have a better experience adding mods and resourcepacks <br>
If the program does not respond whenever you run an instance, it is preparing and downloading files for the instance.<br>

## REQUIREMENT!
This program requires at least *Java 21* or higher. you can download it by pressing [here](https://javadl.oracle.com/webapps/download/AutoDL?BundleId=252626_99a6cb9582554a09bd4ac60f73f9b8e6)

## Backend error when searching
whenever you're searching, you can get a 4** return, eg. 401, 400, etc. <br>
here can you see the meaning of those codes in a list.

```404: failed to connect to the servers, check your internet connection!```<br>

```400: connection has been malformed or unreadable, can be a backend error```<br>

(these are occurred errors upon developing, if found more, please tell me in the Issues tab! Thanks!)

## Updates

Fixed the constant code 400 error at the mods tab by rewriting the installation instances process. <br>
Your already created instances will not be affected by this change.

## Beginner Tutorial

you can add mods and resourcepacks at the instance settings, that also includes the installation type, version and the instance name <br>
create a new instance by pressing the plus (+) button <br>
you can change the settings on the launcher itself, just press Launcher Settings! You can change your username and more! (This will require a restart, when changes are saved, it will close by itself)<br>

## Y-level for ores

Coal ore is about 96 at normal ground level, but at high level which is even better will be 136! <br>
 
Iron ore same as coal ore, ground level will be 16 while at higher levels will be 232 <br>

Finding Gold ore at a badlands biome is much better than the rest of biomes, but underground will be around -64 to 32 while in badlands would be 32 to 256 <br>

Lapis ore has no specific Y-level for different biomes etc, so 0 to -2 is the best <br>

**Diamond ore** which is the most likely you want, will be at -59 to -58, basically the deeper the better (TIP: try searching for diamonds in water caves since they dont count as air blocks!) <br>

**Netherite** is a bit more tricky because they have different optimized Y-level from different platforms, 8 to 22 for Java or 8 and 120 for Bedrock, tho best at 15 on both platforms <br>
<sub>*This information was searched on Google*</sub>
